My experience with bullying ultimately started in physical education when this kid who
shared a locker a few spaces away from me took that opportunity and started to verbally
attack me.
I first experienced bullying in elementary school but it was a little stuff.
Nothing too big in middle school was when it was really really something.
It was upsetting that I was being bullied, it made me feel like I was doing something
wrong.
Why did I have to be the target?
It got really personal.
He'd call me names, he would say that you know it wasn't good at anything.
No one cared about me, that I was dumb, that I was weak, especially after he found out
that I was a witness and the text just got even more intense.
It was one day specifically that was really bad.
It started in a classroom.
I heard one girl talk to another girl about me right in front of me and these were lies.
We went to lunch and I was cornered again.
Is this how middle school is going to be?
I don't have anybody to be with to hang out with during school because everybody doesn't
like me.
No one liked me, it was the worst day ever.
I no longer felt that I was valuable at that point.
I was starting to feel more that I was this weak person, that I was defenseless and that
I had no one cared about me and that I was worthless to anybody so hearing that over
and over really took a toll on my mental health and my emotional health.
I think at my lowest point after receiving so many of these vicious attacks, I started
to have really dark feelings and I realized that I shouldn't let this go any further than
it already is.
That was the moment when I knew I had to get help.
I told my parents about it of course and especially on the worst day I told them everything.
My parents always brought up scriptures, Proverbs 27-12, any time I saw the bullies I would
avoid as much as possible.
The other thing that I was always doing was praying constantly, always praying before
school, during school, after school, there were times that would go into the library and
just read books, just stayed in myself during those times I would also pray to Jehovah
and he was a friend to me, he was somebody that I could speak to on this matter.
I did end up talking to my parents about it.
Let me get my side of the story out, they were listening and they wanted to help out
and they made me feel loved.
I definitely took this time to reach out to the elders and they really encouraged me and
assured me that I was not only somewhere I was needed, I was also somewhere where I
was wanted.
I took some practical steps, I moved my locker, I made sure I had to retaliate.
Walk away is something very powerful, retaliation is something that's weak because you're giving
into your emotions and you're just lashing out.
Eventually the bully got suspended, which gave me some peace, I ended up coming back
after a week and he started up again with the attack.
I noticed that he hadn't changed at all but I had.
I was much more confident with that change, I began to fear him less, I wasn't scared
of him, I just saw him as this person who wanted attention from me.
All the principles that she read about with the young people, the scriptures that she
picked out, everything really, really helps and you can either see the situation die
down or it's not as bad, you can deal with it or it just stops and it was so encouraging
for me and it helped strengthen my faith in seeing how Jehovah really is there to help.
Don't keep this to yourself, don't bottle it up because that'll make things worse.
This is a problem that won't go away because you ignore it.
You need to talk to someone, talk to your parents, talk to your friend, talk to Jehovah,
talk to someone of congregation because if you don't know what to do, they'll help you
find out what to do and they'll give you guidance and you'll be so impressed by how
much Jehovah takes care of you and they'll show you that you are loved by him.